It's not Chinese New Year yet, don't be so smart
See grandpa can't give you money, why are you in the crown prince's car?
Hey Haoyu, I didn't expect you to bump into such a ground in order to attract me
I advise you.
Better not be far enough away from me
I can still look down on you in front of the prince
What you wrote to my investors today
Invest in you
You pretended to be Master Ru Shui and dare to deceive the Crown Prince
Chen Tianyi, you can't see my skills, some people can see it
Don't waste time
This kind of group gathers industry elites
The Crown Prince has a lofty status that no one can shake
Incompetent people like you pretend to be water masters
This will be pierced very quickly
When is the time?
It's suicidal.
What's it to you that I'm killing myself?
Could it be that Mr. Chen, you don't forget my old love?
Then how sad is your Miss Chacha?
As soon as you walk in, there will be identification
Once you find out that you are impersonating
I'm afraid the Crown Prince will be angry with us because of our relationship
What is our relationship?
We're divorced.
Stop fighting and go
Yo, why don't you go in?
Afraid of being punctured
I'm waiting for someone to grab it.
Typhoon rain
I didn't expect it to become more and more impractical after you left me
Who are you?
Someone will come to pick you up
If someone really comes to invite you
I learned to bark the dog on the spot hahaha